Obada node week2 (#12)
HackYourHomework/Node.js-class33: week2/prep-exercises/1-blog-API/README.md

Before we start coding we need to define what operations will be supported via our API. Here's what we're going to do...

| Operation | Description                                             | Method | Route       |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | -----       |

> | Create    | Given a title and content create a new post             |  Post  |router.post  |
> | Read one  | Given a title, return the content of a single blog post |   Get  |router.get   |
> | Update    | Given a title and content update an existing blog post  |   Put  |router.put   |
> | Delete    | Given a title delete an existing blog post              | Delete |router.delete|

Reviewer: Usually `route` refers to the route that an end-user would need to navigate to in order to perform the method.

```suggestion
| Create    | Given a title and content create a new post             |  Post  | /blogs  |
| Read one  | Given a title, return the content of a single blog post |   Get  | /blogs/:id   |
| Update    | Given a title and content update an existing blog post  |   Put  | /blogs/:id   |
| Delete    | Given a title delete an existing blog post              | Delete | /blogs/:id |
```
